# Applied-ML-CourseWork

Amazon is one of the biggest web-based seller in the World. Individuals frequently look over the items and surveys of the item prior to purchasing the item on amazon itself. This report discusses an arrangement issue which is taking in client audits of various items (i.e a computer game furthermore, an instrument) and the evaluations given to them. This report discusses an order issue which is taking in client audits of various items (i.e a computer game furthermore, an instrument) and the appraisals given to them. The dataset contains two objective factors one being the kind of item and the other one being the appraisals of the clients which goes from - 1 to 5. This model will help the amazon laborers to remarks without evaluations and fill their appraisals and if the rating is poor , it very well may be utilized for investigation and work on the said result of the seller. This is a difficult issue on the grounds that since the surveys are text information , when they are tokenised and switched over completely to highlights , the elements are more than 80,000 and the most serious issue is that the information is intensely imbalanced. Out of the 6 classes in the audit score of the item , the greater part
of the information were concentrated around the class 4,5 which intends that the items has for the most part just got positive audits yet it would make the classifier one-sided to the positive remarks and it may be anticipating the positive classes. since the issue within reach is generally delicate for negative items since that is the use case we are attempting to tackle for. The dataset contains audit id ,audit score , confirmed status , survey and item classification. where survey score and the item class are the objective factors. The preprocessing for text information, for example, eliminating accentuation , lemmatisation , stemming ,one hot encoding to convert text classes to mathematical qualities, n-grams to take single twofold mix of words and eliminating stopwords were utilized prior to vectorising the information utilizing TFIDF vectoriser also, SMOTE was utilized to adjust the information since the multiclass target was intensely imbalanced. The calculations used to order the informa- tion are Logistic Regression and Random Forest since this is an order issue these are the classifiers utilized. Logistic Regression utilizes the sigmoid capacity and returns probability of the expectations which are switched over completely to classes , while the Random Forest utilizes numerous choice trees to initialise various trees on irregular haphazardly blend of highlights and returns the typical likelihood to group a datapoint.
